Sorry! Readme for this project hasn't been typed up yet, so this is a placeholder for now, and will be written to completion very soon!

A nonformatted, informal guide here:

1. VodHelper relies on Twitch VOD IDs to be used, so go to your preferred streamer's Twitch profile and find the VOD you would like to create a file from. Simply take the 10-20 digit number at the tail end of the URL to find the ID.

2. Once the ID has been found, copy and then paste it into the prompt that the program creates. Once completed, the program will make calls to the Twitch API via the Requests library to take data regarding the VOD and its cooresponding clips and use it later.

3. You'll see a visual telling you when the clips have been found and processed. As per some limitations for both the program and Twitch's API, only the top 30 clips made during the broadcast will be used, and filter out any clips including the stream name itself. (A large majority of these are just misuses of the Clipping tool on the site, so the program disregards it and moves on.)

4. When all the clips have been found and added, the program will ask you whether or not you would like to randomize its data for a more organic result. After all, this is intended to help those that edit down VODS on the site and seeing all the clips from best to worst would be...boring. So i added this clause to further the experience.

5. Text files generated by the program contain the streams name, date, and easy-to-read timestamps for the subsequent clips.

6. Have fun!
